feat: make field description formattable (#1405)
Jahia/moonstone: .chachalog/-tdMIuYw.md

---
# Allowed version bumps: patch, minor, major

> "@jahia/moonstone": minor

Reviewer: We can set it to `patch`

---

> Allow ReactNode for Field/Fieldset/FieldBoolean helper prop (#1405)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow any ReactNode as `helper` for Field, Fieldset, and FieldBoolean to allow formatted description (#1405)
```
